the modern technique mark its imprint our world discovers
fascinating perspectives
Futuristic technologies are part of our everyday life
mobility and characterizes our way of life
thanks to modern means of transport our mobility and almost limitless
whether in Frankfurt all still the shadow for a business meeting
a plane that is always ready to take off for yann by the war
advised by the company
creativity and invention
alert troops or other things that we have to dominate these motions
are they better concretize
christine wolf well it will do everything for everyone
this young woman loves her city with a warm atmosphere and appreciate the
variety the proposed hobbies
as opposed to his professional activity
she needs to move and play sports
enjoy life in peace and recharge your batteries
finally the holidays arrive and the sun was in the game
mobility another sensation is to express one has chosen
well beyond country borders
the generations ap besides which nowadays consider themselves old pros from
the 60-year-old sylla has retained its mobility
there are always new things to say
open it's all
seeing these images
would you have come to mind to suspect a motor impairment
where only the center of mobility remains
or even thought of leg prostheses
these people have one thing in common
they are final amputees
and he wears a prosthesis if the hac
a huge leap forward
in the modern protest of the lower limbs for a mobility that hurts
a better quality of life
the submissive to come adapts to all situations christine walk
the prosthesis and carried out by their joint venture
using a software station to the prosthetist customize the syneg
individual patient's individual flow
during the walk tests he gives precise instructions on the
different knee functions
the patient feels the reassuring effect of the amortization during the phase
support
especially when going down stairs or down a slope
syneg provides patients with optimal safety and dynamics
appropriate information it needs
it is the first prosthetic knee system fully controlled by
microprocessor
the resistance to the movements of hydraulics are managed by
electronics
sensors that record information now from 50 to
hour per second
hence high technology for a better quality of life
mobility in everyday life as in extreme situations
syneg is reliability
around the globe
for more autonomy
why children here